Logan Tunbridge
s3913886,
s3913886@student.rmit.edu.au

My story begins when i was born in Port Macquarie in NSW and then moved to Rural NSW to a town called Gunnedah. I completed year 12 in 2017 at St MAry's College Gunnedah. After that i compleated an apprenticeship at Telstra as a field technican. I recived at Certificate III in telecommunications. I also recived my Open Cabling Licence with Structured cabling and Optical Fibre endorsements. Now i currently serve in the Army as a Infomation Systems Technican.
If you would have to describe me it would most likely be sporty. I currently play soccer for work and Rugby Union for GPS. I prefer to play Right Back in soccer and Second row in Rugby.

Intrest in IT
 My current intrest in IT is Cloud Computing and a little security. My intrest in IT begain in year 9 when got an A in computer studies and i thought to myself this is alright. I never expected to to start a career in IT as i thought of myself as a on the Tools kind of person. Durring my apprenticeship i relised i enjoy the IT side(Routers and clients computers) compared to the Telstra network side of the job. My current IT experience includes a Cert III in Telecommunications, and experience in Systems Administration: Outlook, Sharepoint, Windows 10, Active Directory
I chose to study at RMIT as i needed a course which i could study online and had subjects that intrested me. I am wanting to minor in Cloud when the time comes


Ideal Job
Junior Cloud Infrastructure Engineer
https://www.seek.com.au/job/52392465?type=standout#searchRequestToken=86289df7-8324-4f9e-b0c7-218df43c83a6



Overview

Storage app on the android
- needs code to access
- after 3 incorrect password attempts it wipes the local storage
of the app
- Before it wipes it locks the app and uploads all the content
to a different place in the cloud

For my project I will be developing a android application that will act as a place to hide files from unwanted users. Unlike the many applications already existing like this, the app will be encrypted with a erases function that occurs when three incorrect password attempts have occurred. To counter this function the app will be linked to a cloud storage.

Motivation

The incentive behind developing this project is to gain knowledge in android development, python and encryption methods. In the current market there is a gap in a soultion like the one this application could protenitally achieve if developed.

Tools and Technologies:
The software required for this project will include a Android developement environment and OS, python as the coding language. 
Hardware needed will be a PC for developing and a Android device however the ability to use a android emulator on a PC is an option.
The project will require a knowledge of python and android development, the cost of the project will be NIL since i own a Windows PC and Android device

Description:
The application will be an encrypted soultion to hidding files from unauthorised users on their personel android devices. 
The features of the application will include:
- A place where users can store files
- A multi-factor authentication
- Self delete feature after three incorrect password attemtpts 
- A cloud soultion
- Easy to use user interface

The idea behind the application is to fill a potentional gap in the market where users require a more secure way to hide sensitive files
Just like the famous "calculator" app, this project will act in a similar way. There will be a multi factor authnithication to protect the sensitive files for unathorised users.
Another feature the application will have is an encrytpion on the files in the folder. This will help with protecting the sensitive files.
The big diffrence between my project and the rest of the avaliable apps is two features. The first feature is a self destruct function will activate after three inncorect attempts at accessing the application.
After three inncorrect attempts the folder which holds the sensitive files will be erassed from the device 
